It wasn't great, because even I didn't know it.
The studio took one year off my age, so it wasn't the real time for it anyway.
She thought I was born in 1929, and Ashley I was born in 1928.
So I'm going to quote, an actress like you, who everybody adored, why were you getting threats?
What was the time?
Mostly extortion threats.
Mostly, if you ever want to see Shirley again, send me $340.
It would be great specifically.
It's not worth it.
What political aspirations do you have now and would you accept another ambassadorship if you were offered one?
None to the first question and yes to the second.
I'm a foreign affairs officer at the Department of State and for the last seven and a half years I've been training U.S.
ambassadors before they go to speech.
Why no more political
It could be, but I'm very interested in international relations, and I like to negotiate, and I like to work with people, and people in other countries, at one point.
That's why I'd rather be a little more free to step up.
The Twilight Zone, you're familiar with that sort of iconography you see about children.
I'm learning this around the world, two cats of children.
When you were, when you were facing and having a situation, did you get clear, did you get serious about your children?
I can't, so how much can I tell about that?
I can tell about the book one more, is it okay?
Okay.
I had a runaway ostrich when I was about three, three and a half.
My co-star was a little boy named Georgie Smith.
And we were in movies called one of these for last series.
And one of these things had little Siri with an ostrich tied up.
Little Georgie Smith fell in the rain.
I felled Georgie and fell down to the side of the young little Siri as we were picking up.
They had a black bag over the ostrich's head.
And when they were ready to roll the camel, they took their foot off.
And the ostrich turned around with a huge black feathered head on.
And he had eyes the size of a baseball.
It looked like a glass baseball.
And he turned around and looked at Georgie and me, and he saw the lights and all, and he suddenly took off.
And he took off so fast.
He knocked over chairs.
He knocked over lights.
People were getting out of his way.
And he finally crashed into the wall.
And he was knocked out.
It was exciting.
I rather liked it at the time.
I didn't break anything.
I didn't bleed.
I had a few sore spots.
But I thought, you know, how many kids do you know that have ever had a wild ride with an ostrich?
I think that it was more difficult in those early days.
And there were some things that happened to me when I was a starlet, I guess, before I became a starlet.
And I think there's a lot of difficulties with children.
They kept the mothers in another room that they could miss.
And then they took all of us who were all three to five years of age and did a lot of new things.
French and Ferris came in a takeoff on Tarzan, which is another little two-year-old son.
And a lot of little black boys were supposed to run down the path and all fall down at once.
So to do that, the directors strung a wire across the deck.
So that when the little boys now had turned on, looking like some little wild Africans, as they ran down the road, the wires came up, and they all fell down.
Some of them were trapped.
They were trapped.
And they were scared, and they cried.
I cried very loudly.
I'm from the side.
I wasn't in that thing.
But I saw them being hurt, and we were all just a bunch of yellow babies.
We all just brought up the stuff for two minutes.
Things like that, you know?
Well, I worked there until I was 22.
I had 19 years of son with me.
I was more interested in having a deputy marriage than with Charlie when I got married.
He would resolve the meeting during Korea when we moved to Washington, D.C.
and I got interested in most of our national emergency.
Again, less of pretend.
I want to live in the real world.
Is this really a kiss-and-tell book?
It's a tell book.
It's not a kiss-and-tell book.
I don't think if you open it, I don't think this book will open to any particular case.
But it says, I think it's a revealing book about how one
grows during a very interesting time in US history.
I tried to put myself in that plane when I was answering things.
It's how I felt.
It's how I felt as a child about things that happened to me and things that were said to me in crowds.
And why do people say, I love you in a crowd?
And a whole crowd saying things like that.
It's very interesting to think of that.
And I know a lot more about myself than I do as a lieutenant.
I did a lot of research on sugar.
Have you ever had sex with her?
She had a terrible one a few months ago.
I called in quickly before I could leak out from the lieutenant and said, no way.
Why don't you have it?
I think this character, I think the play was either, I think she was down.
She's in the field again, and that's coming anyway, so.
I can't wait.
I don't want to go in the room.
We have time for one more time.
Wait a minute, no, no, no.
You think you're... Do you like to watch the old movies?
I know the script.
I know the lines.
I prefer to situations where I don't know these.
what the script is.
But I don't mind watching them.
I watched them some with my seven-year-old granddaughter who likes them very much.
And there was one way in the back.
Can you feel one?
Please.
I know it was a little comfortable coming up.
And that wasn't you a blocker?
No, it's an unauthorized biography.
And Edwidge wrote me a very nice letter about a year and half ago, I think, and said she was writing a book.
I found her.
And I said, well, I'm glad you're writing the book.
And she said, can you help me?
And I said, no.
I'm going to help you because I'm writing my own book.
And I've been writing mine for eight years.
And good luck to you on your side of the road.
And I'll do my side of the road.
And it's a very casual relationship.
Is the manuscript in here?
I hear it isn't.
Good for all.
I'm a specialist in publicity who represents independent publishers, small publishers, university presses in New York City and around the United States.
How did you get involved?
in the Cheever Projects?
Well, I'm a great Cheever enthusiast.
It goes back for about 20 years, and I knew that Mr. Cheever had been quoted at a number of interviews as saying, oh, I wrote 200 short stories, and every couple of weeks somebody brings one to me that I don't even remember.
So I added and subtracted and figured out
There must be a goodly number out there that deserve to be published in a nice volume.
Disneyland Hotel.
Are you confident that you found them all?
Yes, very confident.
We consulted a number of bibliographies.
There are a number of scholarly works on Cheever.
I spoke to a number of Cheever scholars and we cross-checked itself.
The interesting thing, Nick, is that
I was very happy to see that Mr. Cheever made some money twice on some of his stories.
Many of them, well, there's one called the events of that Easter, which eventually found its way in a thinly disguised form.
into the Rapshrat scandal.
But he first published it as a short story and then it became part of the novel.
We couldn't put that in our collection because by definition it's owned by Hartford Rowe.
No, it's just that it's not an uncollected Chiever story.
It was really part of the novel.
Well, it was a fragment.
Well, it was a fragment, but it was verbatim, practically.
Did it stand as a story, though?
Oh, yeah.
Did it stand well?
Did it work well as a story?
I collect Chiever, too.
Oh, you do?
I have everything but the first book.
Oh, really?
Well, that's the one that...
Of course, we couldn't put in this too, because that's a Cheever collection.
But I mean, it's also a very elusive title.
It is very elusive to find it, yes.
I've seen it.
I saw it in a recent book, $500 on it, which wasn't bad, but the jacket was bad.
Yeah.
It's amazing about jackets.
But I didn't even know there was such a cornucopia.
There is a cornucopia.
There's a nice... I read someplace, and I don't know whether it was a quote of yours, but apparently Cheever...
The collection, which was published in 78 or was it 79?
No, it's not the collection.
The stories are done.
All right.
My sense was that this was the collected stories, which it's not.
This is Jordan Miller, the public owner.
Nick is Achiever collector and a friend.
I must see him up in Worcester when I go to Boston.
There's a flyer to Worcester when I go to Boston.
I took a flying lesson from Westboro.
Is that a little airport still there?
I'm a licensed pilot myself.
I used to fly out of Boston.
Maybe let's get to the problem with Achiever.
Is it money or is it?
All right, some are suggesting for priority.
I wonder what's happening.
How happened you had a done deal, and now it's being... Well, I mean, I think that the achievers didn't know exactly the breadth of what they had, and now they had second thoughts.
They probably were sorry that they signed on with a publisher who was not part of the Seven Sisters.
Now, are you the editor of this book?
Yeah, I'm the editor.
You are?
I'm a scriber.
Oh, sure.
Jordan Miller.
You got a good pen?
Yeah, I've got one.
A good one?
Right.
Actually, we've been quite, quite lucky.
No one's called me on the telephone, called me names.
They've called the Miller's names and called me names to the Miller's.
But I have really not been in touch with them since January.
Are you going to go ahead with the book?
Oh, we are.
Oh, so certainly.
We're very, we're more optimistic all the time.
Is this disclaimer something that you were told to put on there?
It was negotiated by the lawyer.
as I understand it, because the economy had to make their plans for the ABA, and this was done in the beginning of May, I guess May 13th or something.
And who was to know what was going to happen in the law court?
But we had to get something here, and that's as I understand it.
The thing that befuddles me the most is that the Cheaters have taken exception to Scott Donald's introduction, which makes some connections between John Cheater's life and his work.
Now Cheever, of course, said fiction is not crypto-autobiography, but everyone writes out of their experience.
John Donaldson does it in a very general way and points out that Cheever and his
family and two other families shared a townhouse in New York City in 1945.
There's six terrific short stories in here called the townhouse series, a veritable novella.
Who are these published?
Well, about half of them are published in the New Yorker.
So those are easy to find?
Those are easy to find, yeah.
Now, Mademoiselle published the number, Harper's published the number, two of the 1.0 Henry Awards.
Why didn't he pick them?
Well, to speculate on it.
Well, Donaldson speculates that the...
The subject matter of a number of the early stories are very proletarian.
This is a depression, strikes, political radicalism, the army.
And that this so clashed with the popular image of John Cheater was the polished, the patrician, a writer, which of course is true to the extent that he was polished.
That man was very much in the real world.
He was not living in the ivory tower.
Just let me briefly about this press.
It sounds almost like a university press.
I'm gonna have to move along.
The important thing is that the book has a subtitle in the sense, which is 1930, 1981.
It shows you the range of decades and historical experiences that Ponchi is writing from.
And Donaldson makes a very good point.
He started out as a writer writing very realistic stories in the 30s.
He calls it almost proletarian literature.
By the time his career ended, he was writing magic realism.
long before Gabriel Marquez inspired that term.
William Kennedy used that very phrase this morning and he compared himself to Marquez and his best efforts.
And that evolution through a number of permutations is reflected in this book.
You know, an informal question-and-answer for the records of the series.
The audience tonight will be Lady Ray Thompson, who will answer questions about the new World War II, North America.
Next will be David Brayley, who will be talking about Washington State War.
And lastly, Jonathan Colgo, who will be fascinating in the showroom.
Question and answer only.
Didn't the guests have already given their promise of breakfast?
And then, you know, didn't they have some questions to see if they didn't take what they may have made there or anything else you want to ask them?
But I think it's way, very daunting.
Anybody in Part 2 ran with what they know there, and so if they did that, I'll think so.
very much in my life, and those I'm here, Texas, and they are, yes, that's after Southwest and, you know, big adventures that I've had, like climbing up a hill of pinkies and trim roads and a fairly dry year.
And mine, I think yes, I wanted to teach that this is for the co-operative, that I'm probably being used to fairly modernist, modernist, modernist, culturalist, and I myself just want to be complete with anything that I did work in there about all the students that I always had to start with from the world.
I thought I'd do this day for one, my soul, that age of mine.
Thank you.
.
I like things that they give me my massive show of summer life in my children.
I mean, that's okay.
Massive flowers are a massive cat.
And so I love the metal pearls of blue lights.
I always say there's a pretty little paste in red, but I'll talk about the moment that we established in the moment I made that.
I would like some hard to survive with things that go out of the granite hillside, and you can just go to the floor.
Do you like that?
This is what I'm saying.
I am just expressing my feelings
Well, of course, the world and the imagination of our family.
And I will see some of my life on a California, on a Norfolk, I will, that session, it will be implanted on my heart.
This is what I can't do, this is what I can't do, this is what I can't do.
This is what I can't do to get from life in my life.
Thank you.
Oh, yes, they are.
And, uh, and even in one of the deadly stories of something about cooking boxes, he's talking about such kind of travel over to the buildings and stuff, and down the down the lines and the part of things.
And he said, and he was on my second cliff.
some of his grounds that i've seen first time were not there anymore and
I do come.
I do not have those things.
And as I say, I do have responded to 30 phenomenal things.
But then I do not have those things.
If the man was the best thing to do with the man, don't go out.
Well, they take, yes, there's quietness where they can survive, if not for their glorious days, on the land that the Lord says.
I do know at home that water tables are lowering when I'm budging.
and I'm arriving and so I think it's wise to go with me because I'm closing and that's a thing to use drugs and it's not just drugs.
We're in South Carolina and we have that problem.
We're in Southern California and some people are getting wise and that's because
That is, they do have economic value, including campaigns, and .
And there's been most friction .
It was probably a week of five yards of campaigns when they were in the White House.
If you say the key statement decades later,
I think I can say that that is within the heart of pride and caring about our region, our hometown.
And I'm kind of touched on it and mocked on it and encouraged them and pushed to get it done with awakening.
I think that all comes to these days.
in the 60s, the whole environmental movement filled out of government and business plans and city council and all arms, with everybody, rather than just a movement started some day, we could come by the new city council.
I want him to do a lot of that.
I need the world.
He's certainly our heart marks the fact that he is.
I think Emily is just unaware and
If you know what they are, if you respond to them, I think you can find the students make for them.
And even in this country, for instance, we had a lot of new developments that made wild values.
That's landings around the inches or along the lane in these regions of the most fine houses.
On the road, God's horses have always found that not big treasure, but all in love to thrive.
And all the things from Cape Cod, Jackson Hole, come to rest and so forth.
I mean, to me, it's in a group.
And it's interesting.
I mean, I'm not at that.
I'm not at that.
So I mean, that's what we have to do with that.
I mean, why do you take this way to the highway?
You can see a lot more walk out of jail.
I have had a very fun for 18 years, pushing, prolonging, polluting a program that the Texas Irish Department has had for far longer than that.
It began, I think, in the 30s.
And they really just keep the spray in that time.
And they really just walked, had a good stand.
Next game, I'll actually go see.
They mourn.
They come down to another place.
I hope that it is fresh.
It was blown out and it would always get rain in the spring.
It would get the same.
So I'd give a ride.
I'd appreciate it.
And back in the country, music, and some environmental issues.
And have a good time.
And I believe that.
I want them to know they can do something that fed federal citizens from Canada and that this was the regional identity I was looking at that kind of which town fell out.
But we can hear you as a friend.
The names are by the light of the new region, wherever you hear, the first day of the walkout.
but we've got to put a whole lot of information down there that we can send out to anybody who runs in.
No, I don't, because I do not conform to know.
With that, I think it's actually a gift to learn some ways to do it intensive.
And intensive, at least at the moment, while I'm sure it's a burden, then I'm never going to say, I bet, oh,
I'm like, I'm ready to go now, I'm ready to go ahead.
They can't live together if anybody wants that man.
I would hope that people might get to see you.
Pick a few out of the big toy stuff and not just go derrickating with them.
It looks like you're out on our stage, but I do have a face with nothing, right?
So, any questions?
You've got to ask .
I don't know about your faces.
I don't know if you can ask me.
I was talking to you about what we do with Senator .
What was he saying that you were going to do it before?
.
I went and learned because I came to Washington when I was still quite young at that time.
And now, all day, there's a different city, so on, and on, so.
So I went and looked at the wrong spot, and I think that no one else would lie to tell.
All right?
and no one else knew or understood what has happened to our country as a result of events in Washington during the war.
But then, for example, I was saying there was only a fact.
Without the pressure of war, Congress would never have had the courage, nor will the American people have allowed, to do only stuff to a trillion dollars.
I'm going to be in the state's view of the world.
If you collect money, it's not a strength point, it's not a strength point, it's not a strength point, it's not a strength point, it's not a strength point, it's not a strength point, it's not a strength point, it's not a strength point, it's not a strength point, it's not a strength point, it's not a strength point, it's not a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a strength point, it's a
So if you only talk about one young girl for about every week or every month, there's only something ahead of that, because of the year, so it isn't very much talked about.
The shape of our country is due to a very long distance for not one time.
It's changing the context, making the government big, making it in the right of the state like a very easy one of the money machine.
We may not agree with obvious .
It's about to be that it's kind of the hell of a world.
.
So I think we had a war, actually.
And so World War II was a high pressure.
We did not have anything to do with the rest of the world, even when he was there.
Much less war, I think.
So what a world is like a world that probably is overcoming the American case for withdrawing from the world is going to hell alone.
It's putting George Washington about the same use of foreign entanglement.
So I think that's the best you can do.
We don't do that.
Well, what about .
Well, yeah, we probably didn't want to .
I'll read it when it comes out on top.
What?
If you can get a really called upon to play science fiction right, that's not a called upon you to do right now.
How do you think we would have been, now, if the United States has not entered the war?
How do you think the war would have been resolved for one of the years?
I think that the United States and the world had already spoken a lot, and he and the Russians probably knew that they could kill even more for each other in our society.
I think the West is solely here to occupy all of the Western Earth, where it could be to the United States.
And then from the Western coast of the region.
And the West is to the Europe, to the region of the city.
That's what we do.
We don't have that far anymore.
We take a hell of time before.
Yeah.
Well, I can't do that kind of thing.
Yes.
Well, I would say a horrible laugh.
I'm afraid we're going to have to deal with everything and great society.
We're going to deal with it.
I don't know if there's any of you about this piece of point of infection.
This is an odd fact that no one knows.
We as a Christian, the Christian word, still always come to me, that makes any sense to help the court.
There were people jumping on the sidewalk going to the gym, and the gym was invited to the pool.
We are the first to do that.
Yes.
Well, he was about the first to use the electronic media, because he was about the first to use the electronic media as one of the fellow radio came along in the 20s, but it seemed like .
He did something like .
He was on a small radio studio, little wires, and tables, and people in the network.
He went to the five-side shop because it was the only way available to him to go around the press to be fine.
He expected and demanded his sister to request report his words for favor, never write editorial events, never come along, never offer payment events, even though they don't.
He hated college.
I remember one thing that he said, that's not to be.
He always, it's not to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to be left to
How would you take critical reporting of change from today's research?
I don't know, I think the answer to everyone in the past year is that the report is now more evident and more common.
They want to become famous and reported by unfortunate anti-politics.
There is some of that.
But the journalism has not changed.
The journalism has changed.
The journalism has changed, but it has always been some of the attitudes of the white people in the country.
Journalism is sexually dangerous.
I will tell you what I'm going to do today.
If I know it, if I know it, I will tell you what it means.
It has changed.
It has changed with the technology.
So that's what he was doing yesterday's news today.
But it happened to be a good day before yesterday.
There's always some light from all of that.
It's instantaneous.
It's anywhere in the world, anytime.
I thank you all for the time to go.
Thank you all.